spelling and grammar fixes (#36061)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/06-information-security-and-quality-assurance/advanced-node-and-express/send-and-display-chat-messages.english.md

## Description
<section id='description'>
As a reminder, this project is being built upon the following starter project on <a href='https://glitch.com/#!/import/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-socketio/'>Glitch</a>, or cloned from <a href='https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-socketio/'>GitHub</a>.
It's time you start allowing clients to send a chat message to the server to emit to all the clients! Already in your client.js file you should see there is already a block of code handling when the message form is submitted. (<code>$('form').submit(function(){ /*logic*/ });</code>)

> <hr>Within the form submit code you should emit an event after you define 'messageToSend' but before you clear the text box <code>#m</code>. The event should be named 'chat message' and the data should just be 'messageToSend'. <code>socket.emit('chat message', messageToSend);</code>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<hr>Within the form submit code, you should emit an event after you define 'messageToSend' but before you clear the text box <code>#m</code>. The event should be named 'chat message' and the data should just be 'messageToSend'. <code>socket.emit('chat message', messageToSend);</code>
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<hr>Within the form submit code, you should emit an event after you define <code>messageToSend</code> but before you clear the text box <code>#m</code>. The event should be named <code>chat message</code> and the data should just be <code>messageToSend</code>. <code>socket.emit('chat message', messageToSend);</code>
```

Reviewer 2: Hi @clandau , If you could commit my suggestion from above, I believe it would resolve both @Manish-Giri and @moT01 's requests. Thanks
